what's up guy and girl players of Wow
tarro here bringing you this week's wow
report episode 51 for more free wow
guides subscribe and check out my
website at tarouwowguides.com patch 4.2
is still in the testing phases and we
just got an updated list of changes a
few days back there's some wishy-washy
changes that may or may not stick but
the most interesting are as follows
mages we're going to get a six second
cooldown on spell seal but due to the
sheer masses who play mages and
definitely speak their mind on the
forums instead they'll just get a
hundred percent mana increase rogues on
the other hand weren't thought to have
been buffed enough so devs decided to
sneak some buffs in under the radar
finally we got all the current raids
bosses getting some hefty nerves that'll
make it easier for all players to see
Cadiz raid content and return these
bosses will now only drop justice points
this week mmo-champion calm today huge
right up on all the new mounts and pets
coming to wow so head over there after
this video and check it out all of them
look pretty badass
prices have been mowed down across the
board over the last week with volatile
life fire water herbs or and epics
feeling the brunt of it volta earth air
gems and enchanting mats have seen some
nice gains everyone's also getting ready
for the upcoming Darkmoon Faire so cards
and decks are plentiful on the auction
house with nice deals to be had that
also means that herbs and volatile life
along with inks will be increasing over
the next few weeks arena passes underway
and a nice explanation of the phases has
been posted everyone has until june
seven to get their team together with
some practice before the ranked ladder
phase 1 begins good luck to all
participants and you can register until
June twenty-eighth
the lizard store has released its new
addition the wings guardian and already
players can see this thing in action in
any major city since tons of people have
Hardy purchased there's it cost 25 bucks
and his account wide getting every one
of your characters and future characters
dismount cryptozoic and Blizzard
Entertainment partnered up to create an
app for their popular Warcraft manga
series you can get the first volume for
free through the crypto Cilic comics app
until June second last week blizzcon
tickets went on sale and while I zoned
out and totally forgot about the first
batch I was able to get on my computer
for the second i spammed f5 for a minute
or so refreshing the webpage waiting for
the Buy button to pop up once that thing
popped up I clicked it like crazy and
was put in the queue at position 1770
last year was like 4,000 and I didn't
get a ticket so 1770 at least gave me
some confidence I watched the ticker
position take down and down while the
stock left hardly moved the whole time I
was thinking man I want to play fail
klopse but the hell if I'm gonna risk
losing my position once it got down to
200 s and his stock was still a good
seventy percent I could actually relax
yeah McGee would finally success to the
checkout page and I got my ticket so
what does this mean for all of you I'll
have coverage of this whole event with
some hopeful behind the scenes and
interviews if you're going to blizzcon
I'll see you there and now on to this
week's Q&A session how do I get your
routes for mining and herbalism in-game
check my channel or website for my how
to get taro's best custom routes for
mining herbalism and mining herb combo
video tutorial can you add Australia to
your cenarion hatchling pet contest I
can't add it to my first one because
that one finished May 31st but instead I
can open a new contest that starts today
until June eighth to anyone on any
server in the world unless prohibited by
your country all you have to do to enter
is be subscribed and post a comment on
this video three winners will be chosen
randomly and a big thank you to youtuber
and wild player Jax 91 for donating one
of the pet
so definitely head over to her channel
and check her out as always here's a
list of my latest releases if you miss
them please check them out and don't
forget to comment and rate them so I
know where I'm succeeding and why I'm
failing that's it for this week of
tarou's weekly wow report and i hope you
liked it stay on top of the news economy
and updates of wow with tarou's weekly
wow report please subscribe and visit
tarouwowguides.com for more free wow
guides and news thanks for watching i go
leave a comment below telling me what
you think of this episode well i'm just
happy i don't have to buy a blizzcon
ticket from ebay this year getting price
gouge sucks